clarify avro support & general style improvements (#11975)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/avro.md

  ~ under the License.
  -->

> This Apache Druid extension enables Druid to ingest and parse the Apache Avro data format. The Avro extension enables the following ingestion input methods:

Reviewer: "extension enables Druid" ... "extension enables the following.." seems repetitive

- [Avro stream input format](../../ingestion/data-formats.md#avro-stream) for Kafka and Kinesis.
- [Avro OCF input format](../../ingestion/data-formats.md#avro-ocf) for native batch ingestion.
- [Avro Hadoop Parser](../../ingestion/data-formats.md#avro-hadoop-parser).

The [Avro Stream Parser](../../ingestion/data-formats.md#avro-stream-parser) is deprecated.

## Load the Avro extension

> To use the Avro extension, add the `druid-avro-extensions` to the list of loaded extensions. See [Loading extensions](../../development/extensions.md#loading-extensions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the Avro extension, add the `druid-avro-extensions` to the list of loaded extensions. See [Loading extensions](../../development/extensions.md#loading-extensions) for more information.
```

> ## Avro Types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Avro types
```

Druid supports most Avro types natively. This section describes some  exceptions.

### Unions
Druid has two modes for supporting `union` types.

The default mode treats unions as a single value regardless of the type of data populating the union.

If you want to operate on individual members of a union, set `extractUnionsByType` on the Avro parser. This configuration expands union values into nested objects according to the following rules:

> - Primitive types and unnamed complex types are keyed their type name. For example: `int`, `string`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Primitive types and unnamed complex types are keyed by their type name. For example: `int`, `string`
```

> - Complex named types are keyed by their names, this includes `record`, `fixed` and `enum`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Complex named types are keyed by their names, this includes `record`, `fixed`, and `enum`.
```

> - The Avro null type is elided as its value can only ever be null

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Avro null type is elided as its value can only ever be null.
```

> This is safe because an Avro union can only contain a single member of each unnamed type and duplicates of the same named type are not allowed. For example: only a single array is allowed, multiple records (or other named types) are allowed as long as each has a unique name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is safe because an Avro union can only contain a single member of each unnamed type and duplicates of the same named type are not allowed. For example, only a single array is allowed, multiple records (or other named types) are allowed as long as each has a unique name.
```

You can then access the members of the union with a [flattenSpec](../../ingestion/data-formats.md#flattenspec) like you would for other nested types.

### Binary types

> The extension returns `bytes` and `fixed` Avro types as base64 encoded strings by default. If you enable the `binaryAsString` option on the Avro parser, the extension decodes these types as UTF-8 strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the extension returns `bytes` and `fixed` Avro types as base64 encoded strings. To decode these types as UTF-8 strings, enable the `binaryAsString` option on the Avro parser.
```
Moved some text around to improve readability.

### Enums

> The extension returns `enum` types  as `string` of the enum symbol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The extension returns `enum` types as `string` of the enum symbol.
```

### Complex types
You can ingest `record` and `map` types representing nested data with a [flattenSpec](../../ingestion/data-formats.md#flattenspec) on the parser.

### Logical types

> Druid doesn't currently support Avro logical types. It ignores them and handles fields according to the underlying primitive type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Druid does not currently support Avro logical types. It ignores them and handles fields according to the underlying primitive type.
```
